There's a brand new update inside claw
code desktop now that allows you to
schedule tasks which is an absolute game
changer because now you can basically
use claw code in a similar way to the
way that we use for example open claw
right so you can see an example here of
how it works and this is on the desktop
app using claude so for example here we
say create a schedule task it finds the
latest AI automation today and then it
pulls up a skill called schedule task so
if we click this schedule task um skill
right here. Basically, we can have cl
code go off and do tasks for us in the
background, right? So, it's pretty easy
and simple to set up. Literally just
rolled out today. It's a brand new
update and you can see how it works. So,
basically, it launches a new skill
called anthropic skill schedule and make
sure that you're inside the code section
of Claude and then from here it's like
we'll create that schedule task. We'll
set it to run at 8:00 a.m. local time
each day. And then it creates the task
automatically files it in, fills in the
details, etc. side of the schedule, the
next run, um, how it will look, etc. And
then you've got schedule task, AI,
automation, news update, set up to run
automatically each day. So, this is
really cool because essentially what you
can do now is just like any sort of
tasks that you wanted to automate in the
background, you can do with claw code
now, right? Which I think is a big big
improvement to claw code. Like claw code
as an example is really really powerful.
They already had this feature inside
called co-work previously. So if you go
to the schedule section here, you can
see that we can set up schedule tasks,
but now you can run it inside claude as
well. So if you go to code, then you go
to scheduled, you can schedule whatever
you want, right? Um, and it's really
cool. So you could say, for example,
okay, you know, uh, I I create content
for YouTube or I have a AI community,
whatever, you know, whatever you're
trying to do daily for your business.
And then you can get Claude to
automatically run that every day. So you
could be like, "Okay, each day find me
three ways to improve my business or
each day do one thing and automate it
whilst I'm sleeping that would help me
grow my business." And you can just get
Claude code to do that in the
background. So it saves a lot of time.
It's running automatically. And also the
cool thing about this is it can also
connect to your browser, right? So you
can set up Claude um code browser and
then it can actually do browser tasks
whilst you're away from your laptop
because you've got Claude code connected
to an extension inside Chrome. So it's
really powerful. Now I am on the max
plan for Claude. I haven't seen any
details on whether this can run um for
which plan etc. But you can see here TK
who's on Claude's team on the Claude
code team. He said my favorite use case
is to check error logs every few hours
and create PRs for any actionable
errors. But you know you can do this
however you want. So this is the full
guide on how you could use this, how it
works, etc. But you can see here
basically you can get a lot more out of
core code. Bear in mind as well you can
have parallel sessions. So you don't
need to have like one scheduled task run
at one time. You could have multiple
running tasks at the same time. You
could also, for example, do stuff like a
morning news briefing, right? So it
could automatically search for industry
news, competitor updates, and market
trends for each morning. You could have
a daily metrics check that actually
pulls business metrics from a
spreadsheet or dashboard file each
morning and flags anything unusual. So
for example, like drops in traffic or
spikes in churn. Could be weekly weekly
content calendar reviews. to scanning
your content pipelines every Monday,
summarizing what's due and flagging any
gaps or overdue items. Could even be
like invoice and payment reminders,
right? So, for example, just checking an
invoice spreadsheet weekly and
generating a summary of outstanding
stuff. Other cool stuff if you're a
coder, you could get like a codebase
health audit. So, you could run a weekly
scan of your projects and then check for
any issues. Could be social media post
drafting. Now, because this can connect
to your browser directly, you can
actually get claw code to post on social
media for you directly inside your
browser. Customer feed digest. So,
summarizing new reviews, support tickets
or feedback from a CSV spreadsheet or a
daily weekly basis highlighting
recurring themes. Um, meeting prep
briefs, competitor prices, and also end
of week project status summaries. Right?
So every Friday for example, you could
scan your project files and task list to
generate a status report covering what
was completed, what's in progress, and
what's blocked right now. So you you can
pick a bunch of tasks. And the other
cool thing as well is like you can
actually go to claw directly.
And inside Cyclude here, you could be
like, "Right, okay, knowing what you
know about me, what could I automate to
save time?" So, you can basically audit
your time, figure out, okay, what are
you doing on a daily recurring basis?
And then how can claw code schedule and
automate that whilst you're away from
your laptop. Now, to keep this running,
I do think you need the desktop app
running in the background. So, don't
close it. If you close your laptop, I
assume this would probably stop working
as well. Um, but you can just keep it on
in the background and then you're good
to go. So, here's an example of what
would work for me really well. So, for
example, because we're posting on
YouTube and IG and Tik Tok, we could
create a content repurposing pipeline
like an automated workflow and then just
get claw code to to do that daily. It
could be, for example, sales team
accountability dashboards. So, an
automated daily um Discord report
pulling from our CRM showing like each
of our closers close rate, close calls,
etc. It could be health scoring for your
clients or even just like YouTube title
and thumbnail tracking as well like just
checking what content performs the best
and how it performs etc. So there's so
many use cases for this. It's really
really cool. What I'll actually do is
give you a list of 10 potential uh use
cases for this inside the AR profit
boardroom. But the main point here is
like you know if you're using something
like uh openclaw
you know openclaw it breaks a lot
sometimes it gets confused and also it
takes API credits to run schedule tasks
in the background and also you have a a
heartbeat MD file that uses
tokens to check
what your agent is doing every few hours
and that can get quite expensive right
whereas for example if you're using
something like claw code you save time
you don't need to use external API
Right? So you can use the best API in
the world which is claude and then from
there you can schedule whatever task you
want. So super powerful and then also
you can manage your schedule task in
this section. Right? So you can add a
new task for claw code or you can go
inside the existing one and have a look
here and like edit the prompt and
everything else. Right? So if we click
on the edit button over here you can do
it like that. So you can put the
description of the task you want to do
daily what it's going to do step by
step. You can choose where it auto
accepts edits
or just ask you for permissions first.
So if it's a schedule task and I want it
to run in the background, I probably
switch that to auto accept. You can add
like tasks. Um you can change the folder
that it's actually located in. So you
can create a different folder. Bear in
mind this is running locally. So it's
going to save the files it creates. And
then how frequently you want it to run.
So that could be manual aka you do it
yourself whenever you want. Hourly,
daily, weekday, weekly. And then you can
change the time over here. Right. And
then once you're done, you can click
save. You can also run these tasks
whenever you want. So you don't have to
wait for it to be done. So if we click
on this task for example, we can click
on run now and then it will actually
start running the schedule task
automatically um because we've asked it
to to run directly there. Right. And now
you can see it's doing a web search for
the latest news today in AI automation
which is pretty cool. And then if you
ever want to delete a task you can just
click on the delete icon over here. So
just to recap what are scheduled tasks?
Well scheduled tasks are a feature
inside the claw code desktop app. They
tell they let you tell Claude to do
something automatically on a repeating
schedule. It's kind of like a recurring
reminder. So instead of you except
instead of just reminding you, Claude
actually does work, right? So some real
examples, review my code every morning
at 9:00 a.m. and flag any bugs. Check if
any of my software packages need
updating. Pull my calendar and inbox
every weekday morning and write me a
briefing or run all tests every six
hours and let me know if anything
breaks. The main point here is like it
starts a brand new session. Each time
the task runs, it opens up, does the
work and you can check the results
whenever you want. If you want to create
a scheduled task, there's two ways to do
it, right? You can do it the visual way.
So you just go to claw code desktop and
then inside here you're going to go to
scheduled and click on new task. So
that's the visual way. And then the
other way is you can do it inside the
chat, right? So you can go inside the
chat and say create a schedule task for
whatever you want and then you insert it
right there. So there's two different
ways to create them. And then you just
fill in the name, the description, the
prompt itself, and frequency, which can
run manually, hourly, daily, weekday, or
weekly. Now, if you're wondering, okay,
like how do they actually run in the
background? Well, Claude basically
checks the schedule of when the app is
um open. So, you got to make sure the
app is open for it to run. And then when
a task is due, Claude starts a brand new
session and starts completing the task.
This is important to note though, right?
So if your computer isn't switched on or
you haven't got clawed code desktop
running
uh then the schedule task won't work
right it will get skipped so you want to
make sure it's your computer is turned
on awake and running cla code desktop
and that's basically it for the whole
system and then also just in terms of
permissions so each task has its own
permission mode and you set this when
you create or edit the task right so you
got ask permissions which is claude will
ask before doing anything auto accept
edits which means claude will edit files
freely um but ask before running
commands and then plan mode where Claude
won't actually change anything. Now if
we have a look at that completed
scheduled task which we've got over here
you can see an example of what it's done
and you can also see the previous run.
So if you go to the scheduled section
here you can actually see the previous
sessions where it's running. So you can
see this is still running in the
background um and actually dates it and
then puts the task it's working on. So
if you want to see okay has this task
run or what did it do previously you can
just go to the scheduled section drop
down the scheduled task itself and then
you can see the previous sessions where
it's run right here. really way I think
it is another I mean they've released a
bunch of new updates recently clawed but
the main point to note here is like this
these sort of updates are replacing open
claw right so open claw um one of the
things that people loved about it was
the schedule task feature and now you
can do that directly inside uh claw code
and it runs on the desktop it's not
buggy to set up works in a couple of
clicks and it's pretty easy and simple
to set up as you've seen so thanks so
much for watching you get all the video
notes plus the use cases from today
inside the AI profit boarding link in
the comments description or go to the
arprofitboarding.com. This also comes
with all my best trainings. So, we
release new trainings daily inside here.
So, you can see for example, we have a
full 6-hour course on open claw uh plus
another open core course right here.
This is my AI automation community that
helps you save time, grow and scale with
AI automation. You can post inside the
community, get help and support whenever
you need it. You can also jump on weekly
coaching calls and get support there.
Inside the classroom, we have a bunch of
training. So, for example, you can learn
how to go from beginner to expert with
AI automation and learn how to build
your first AI agent in under 5 minutes.
Additionally, inside my playbook section
here, you'll learn how to automate all
my best systems. So, Twitter,
newsletters, shorts, Instagram, AI
avatar videos. And then also, you can
get my daily updates inside this
section. So, inside this section, we
show you where we update everything
daily. On top of that, you can learn how
to get more clients through the agency
course. You can watch back the coaching
course over here. You can learn how to
rank number one with AICO. You can also
learn how to grow a YouTube channel with
AI based on what's working for me. So
that's all inside the AR profit
boardroom link in the comments
description. Just go to the
arprofitboarding.com to get